Please identify
Ye Qimei and Lin Niannian
Confirm biological
That's not possible.
My mother is Lin Hong
You faked it.
Lin Hong knows you won't believe it easily
This is his handwritten letter to you
miss
When you read this letter
Mom may no longer be alive
Maybe I don't deserve to be your mother
If it weren't for my selfishness back then
You should be by Mrs. Ye's side
The growth of fine clothes and jade food
Exactly.
You are the real daughter of the family
I arranged for Xueqin to take your life away
Miss my daughter.
I was surprised
Soul and Mrs. Ye's Child
Why do we all have congenital heart disease?
Then the soul told me the truth
I just realized it was the same child
Shut up
Nian Nu
Your guilt has accompanied me for 20 years
daughter
Allow me to call you that one last time
As a mother
I beg you
Don't embarrass the snow wife
In the next life, I will be a cow and a horse
Reward the lady and your kindness
Mom
I don't blame you.
You will always be my mother
you
Please don't kill me
Don't kill
Mom?
How can my brother save me?
Ah!